axes.formatter.limits   : -5, 5
errorbar.capsize        : 2
figure.dpi              : 256
figure.figsize          : 5.0, 3.5
font.family             : sans-serif
font.size               : 14
font.weight             : normal
image.cmap              : viridis
legend.frameon          : True
legend.handlelength     : 0.8
legend.labelspacing     : 0.2
legend.markerscale      : 1.0
axes.grid               : False
lines.linewidth         : 1.2
lines.markersize        : 5
savefig.bbox            : tight
savefig.dpi             : 400
savefig.format          : pdf
savefig.transparent     : False
savefig.pad_inches      : 0.025
text.usetex             : True
text.latex.preamble     : \usepackage{amsmath, bm}
xtick.direction         : in
xtick.minor.visible     : True
ytick.direction         : in
ytick.minor.visible     : True
animation.html          : jshtml